Hi (sry bad english)?
Seeing as I do nothing with my day but read weird things on the internet, I'll tell you about a theory I've got about antigrav technology and how long the various governments of the world have had it.
I haven't seen another person for about 3 years now. I spend most of my time either reading or trying to design software and automation to run my household or play with me. Everything seems to be going well. Hopefully I will never have to go outside again.
So basically, what happened is I decided to tell my family and close friends that I'm into Anal Vore by having a "coming-out" party. I don't think it went very well and that's why I'm here.
Start from the present and work yourself backwards.
Go to your shithomeway and giveback my way. Idon't know what hé supposés to had get à message so important to tell
I'm so besotted by this girl I keep reminding myself of her existence and making exaggerated facial expressions and tensing my muscles all around my body to express how I feel towards her.
Happy thoughts do not affect stress levels; Dwarves slowly spiral into depression.
Fuck it let's drink charcoal
(why?) modular robo-announcements on the bus
Hendon? Touch of the face rot? Wicked Mad Max trolley extension? 
You need to learn to appreciate music more, even if you personally dislike it.
Yes I sleep with my laptop next to me. Its a constant companion and I feel uneasy when I walk to the shops without that reassuring feeling of the weight of my laptop strap on my shoulder.
I never said DOS... but if you ever find out try typing c:/ format c: /u/y and see what it does ?
If like old people fall into fat people who can i legally shoot?
retard is my spirit animal
Because Craig is now and orphan of the trash. Like all of us. Like you, radical chic girlfriend by mistake one day you did zapping finding men and women, and now you look at him in the darkness of your room, alone, telling her friends that you are writing an essay on the tribes of Guatemala.
i took some pills to make the head spot hurt
I'm a worthless lunatic who is liable to die in three days. In three days, I have my final for Operating Systems.
Ding dong gong thrle somen out of her gong
guy had a pretty good narative about escaping power structures 'not playing blindly on the stage, but sitting in the audience'. he was also emphatic that he was immortal, however.
Are you afraid of us? Because you should be afraid of us. I'm afraid of us and I'm us, you see.
This song makes me want to go to the forest to fuck a wolf and some bears?
pseudo-hucow establishments that pimp out the men and women until they're pregnant or otherwise inert, and harvest them for their meat Leatherface style
Five hundred words is actually three words.
Dear diary : Don't you just hate it when other people has more protagonism than you? I am so furious!
Now I am in danger of passing on a personality disorder to a dog.
Shitting on A4 paper and smudging it around a bit with your forehead
Death is a gang-boss
"DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER" [german giggle]
audible honey, made from future bees.
what happens when medical or technical immorality is possible?
you can overload a pure virtual destructor with a definition. how fucked up is that
it's this new equal rights PC bullshit that's causing the problems.
Tied up and loving it
Message me and send me your tin foil nude modeling pics
Frh htj gfbgnb.  Ytdgt I love the way I want a new song and it is the most beautiful girl in the first place I have no idea what the future is bright and early for a long way toward an amazing and so is my favourite songs on this album has to go out with my life and death in my room for improvement but the fact is the only way?
I just gave a random stranger advice on writing a masturbation novel.
I'm not saying you are wrong in your belief that smart people throughout history have been able to apply mathematic to architecture, nor do I claim that I might be so ignorant that I can't comprehend that ancient people could have had a higher understanding of mathematics and physics than I, I'm just saying aliens did it. 
Videos are usually of some russian girl getting TANKED in a hotel room and then pissing all over the place and being sick.
Who the hell is really going to get nasty with a shitty proboscis jawn waggling around in their face?
it's like mushrooms times a million plus aliens
would you rather lose both your hands or have a permanent tattoo of a baby on your face
Have you ever looked at something for so long that you forgot that it was your mom's left tit?
90D d03$||'7 $P34|< L337
time to hack your fridges and microwaves
why not take a few grams of LSD to increase your IQ?
it's a metaphor of <UNPREDICTABLE_RANDOM_ENCAPSULATED_HERE>
You are a fucking degenerate. When you have sex with someone's grandmother, you are actually fucking someone's daughter.
my favorite part is when the music start like "TUTZ TUTZ TUTZ"?
I look terrible now that I've hit puberty ;~;?
I'm not the gnosis to prevent him from having fun but between the power of believing in a picture and the reality there's who?
I can imagine in 50 years it will be common knowledge that Shakespeare was 2D.
Biophillic fractals selected for intrinsic natural beauty
People are so high here they don't even mention boobs.
What if the bubble is inside out?
Sometimes I get very drunk and lie on the ground, suddenly it feels like life hurts and then a great sadness overcomes me, my face twists with a strong cramp and tears force out. I don't sob or weep, only cry.
[drawing of a cloud telling a plane to stop exaggerating]
I was going through my parents attic and found a load of photographs that were like holograms you could interact with physically to a small degree and had a lot of fun stroking past cats.
charisma is basically just being a great actor.
i had a psychic dream about your uncle and his weird blue accordion
if(true) {
    cout << "there's smegma in your jism";
}
Do you have to have sex with something to understand it? I hope we don't go to the same library.
Basically I need to re-delude myself into believing anything I do matters and that I'm lucky to be alive.
[Brotherly fisting]
im adept enough niw that i can even do a drug oike meth and go fownsairs and talk to a parent and they wilo have a sprituo ecperience
Fully delitized ham and cheese tongue.
blue light lominating through out cracked boards shadows brinking in the hall way into the spireling stair well the musty smell as real as my face in 
drove my mo-ee to the lo-ee but nyan desu chan nyaaaaaiiiii
i seen a frog die
Can you make a video where you try different laxative? (request)?
Minecraft uses procedurally generated worlds based on Intelligent Design theory.
how come sometimes there is talking that don't isn't come from my mouth????? But???????????
Deus may or may not Vult, depending on various factors
THIS MONUMENT IS OF NO SIGNIFICANCE, DO NOT ACKNOWLEDGE IT. 
welp, I thik I take the tone of gentelmen from the british mode of discourse
the monkey does not realize it is in a simulation
>not kissing the starlight with their eyemouths
Are you sure that's autism?
suddenly black people turn white with the moonlight like some strange werewolves
Do you believe that stupidity for real or are you just dumb?
AND THE MACHINE IS BLEEDING TO DEATH
the stigma and anther etc. just seemed so sexual and the petals so delicate... it's also worth mentioning that the digital images failed to convey the touch of the flower, just like with a real sexual partner, so I had to do this in public as I had no flowers of my own.
l-lewd
do I know what lemon is?
168 hours describing increasingly degenerate fantasies about robot-pussy while tugging on your flaccid dicks with a hairy old man
But I've also heard people that the PW has a screen.
He was what the medical community refers to as an ass-bandit
Note to self: Steaming (salty) dog
I think sircmpwn was doing a lot of z80 work but he stopped coming around here after brynet gave him a thorough thrashing over telling people to pipe curl into a shell to install his software or something
I also totally agree on eggs
..much more wiggle before..not as much now...
do you have any pork locks?
FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCKING WHITE MALE SCUM FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT deus always vults semper are your parents racist?
these are the hatest invaders in the world
racecar spelled backwards is go kill yourself
do you think 18 fucks krillin's boipussi with a strap on?
pumpkin noise
I already particularly like touch food, though I may slightly prefer touch works
We went in a toilet to shag but for some reason one side had a window next to the stairs and a man saw us so he started making high pitched noises like he was an alarm.
basically because bison skeletons are copied into the output verbatim
did you enjoy the cat keyhole bra meme?
well, I personally think he would just everything making any possibility end. But that's just my believes so it's all cool.
I mostly browse the future
I'm very hygienic and clean, but if a girl has some BO, or I can smell her vagina, sweaty feet, or her butt crack gets musky at the end of the day I really love smelling all those things.
Stick a breadknife down your urethra you fucking cunt
He's too lazy to actually bother, but it would be amusing to see him try.
enjoy your sex is for babies only i ve a headache you dont make enough money im leaving future.
anyone have elevator keys I can borrow?
How do you become bestfriends with someone?
I don't know how to judge him so I'm not going to
What I lack in niceness I make up for in creepy levels of perceptivity.
Heavily reference Prešeren in your next work. Bitches will swoon.
Serving an unhealthy portion of gouda and ostrich ice cream with gravy.
Secret pig door.
He took the bullet casings off the horns because after he got promoted to warehouse management he decided his jackelope needed to be less white trash
Don't cumshame me, bro.
A group of figures pluck fruit from a tree. A man carries a large strawberry, while an owl is in the foreground.
I remember opening the coffin again to sniff my corpse to see if I had started to decompose yet, then worrying about what to tell the paramedics
learn about Chemtrails and how the government is destroying the European Caucasian race
gui'hds
ELECTRIC MANGO THUNDERKEK
I mean, ffs, the title screen has a disclaimer stating that all characters are above the age of 18, especially the sheep and babies.
I just for over norovirus IRL.
is that a real bat's cock? because if so fucking nice man
I can't stay hard in a black woman because it's too hard to imagine she's my sister
please take a look at polyanthum that doesn't copy over recent bridge descriptor tarballs to colchicifolium anymore.
This song reminds me of the time I died in that car accident.
Caitlin asked me to interpret the architectural plan…I replied that it looked like shards of glass…splinters……she asked me for a bit more…I then replied that it looked like TWEEZERS and “who would want to pluck something out of the sky?”
and and and pizza and bagles and whipped cream and chocolate topping and mustard and mint and and
LOVE OF GOD IS HATE OF CHILDREN. SUPPORT TIMECUBE OR BE CURSED.
The older I get, the worse being a loser with zero accomplishments feels. 
Colorado man allegedly found riding an ATV in a restricted zone, who told agents, "I will fuck your world up... fuckin' got a hard-on right now, I bet... queer-ass piece of shit... let me touch your wiener," after reportedly punching an agent in the head and attempting to grab his groin. 
>delusions of thanatropic schizotechnics
>delusions of psychic warmachines
why did I write this? what does this mean?
i love it!! speaks worlds to me without the responsability and limits of words
i like how the torch is strapped to the hoof, as if they needed an explanation for how a pink cartoon horse needs a realistic reason as to how it's holding a torch.
thing i like best about this module is no configuration required for core entities.
"channeling" on the other side from the astral or even from the higher realms could be aided by trying to listen to the rock-solid quietude the third density exchanges causally.
I was trying to find an aquarium who'd take all my squid, I don't know why I had so many. They weren't even in tanks, just piled up around the room.
the difference between a person who's afraid to get lost in the music and someone not interested in being found.
STIMULATION OF BODY-MOVING/LIKE-SENSE SINCE OF ELECTRICITY OF CREATED/CAUSED OF IN OF BODY SINCE 1. tiny metals in human 2. metals moved of energies striked/hitting metals 3. energies sent/from machine far of miles.
Tribulus terrestris, trinity, triptych, take 3 and call me in the morning.
That's a clever plan, have a crazy psychopath child who goes on a killing spree then make tons of cash off exclusive interviews/articles from the media. ?
Don't listen to him, I can assure you that you are getting raped by ghosts. 
It's subtle, but it's clear and obvious. 
who the fuck keeps a spray bottle of dog piss? 
I think it comes down whether the child is a father or a boy. If she's a father then she's always gonna miss her dad. If she's a boy then he's gonna have female troubles later on because her mother coddled him too much because she sees her man in her own son.
you ever see a dog with a nose motor? you hear them first. their nose is turns out to be a gas turbine engine. puts out tremendous power but its snores a storm
Everything I need to know about communism, I learned from 9/11
hm i have a dumb question. let f, g: X -> Y be two continuous function, with Y Hausdorff. its easy to show {x in X, f(x) = g(x)}, but you use hausdorffness of Y (like by showing the complement of the previous set is open) anyone has a simple example of why it fails for non hausdorff case ?
BBC recording of 21st century changed my entire brain as a drumme
Women tend to have softer and squishier mouths, plus plumper lips. Men tend to make up for this with enthusiasm, like a tramp on chips.
Woww so hancy n punky my bro
why dont you just define youself again?
I need to understand the size in underwomens.
I love this song but the monkey sounds are a bit annoying?
I had a friend at work who asked me if I had any sad music he could borrow , so I lent him this wonderful  album  and never saw him again . Hope he is still alive .?
Why do you remove your clothes when in the presence of alien life?
I would like to make a modest proposal: We are all living in our own parallel universe.
All Obelisks Are Girls And All Apes Are Boys 
BORN TO DRAIN SINGLE AND TAKEN COCK!
A demon trying to get people to believe he's god is sending haunting texts and anon responds with "ayy fuccboi lmao"?
tfw my Tulpa's being cold and distant
Please be advised that, If I cast spirit leech on you and you respond by looking at me like I am retarded, you are essentially BULLYING me. 
Charles smiled to himself, looked at his paper, crossed out ‘asparagus’ and attempted to focus more on what was actually being said.
its funny how man doesn't want to get his feet wet in the public eye so they left it to the banking sector.
PSYCHOPATHIC TORTURE EXPERIMENTS: Microwave hearing. Transparent Eyelids. Forced Precision. Forced nudging of arm during delicate or messy work causing spills or injury.
Hope that robot uses precautions else there b lots of little railings running around?
She makes a nice like this: "Hoonrrffggh. Huhgnr." 
Racist? No ... if you are proud to be English, and proud as well of the Flag, the Cross of Saint George, the DRAGON SLAYER, then you CANNOT be racist! Saint George was an Asian man?
Russia is a largely Jewish artificial construct invented to keep the Polish Man down.
I just saw watched the movie Synecdoche, New York and I'm coming off an opioid withdrawal and I just wanted to tell you something, but I can't remember what it was or if it had any meaning. 
I found this surprisingly easy to masturbate to!  Thumbs up and fingers down the hatch!? 
pinching the neck is good stuff
Excited Chicken Sounds [Free High Quality Download]
If you mix 1g of K carefully into a 500g bag of MSG then you'd only have to do 50 lines of it for every one you'd do of K normally.
Uncircumcised ewoks?
You have two copies of "How to make your cat an Internet Celebrity"
He is extremely sensitive, and he does not like being told to drop dead.
I'm too selfless to be a narcissist.
I'm a PhD in gay studies who converted his son from gay to strait after I found him and his lover and we all made love
i hope you will be bringing some gypsofelia because the flowers are all dead even though i watered them. last night there were 3 black men in my room
told me he didn't have time to imagine a beach but that he'd do it later.
Sometimes I like to lie on the carpet and pretend I am a carrot.
When my mum walked in I immediately switched to hardcore gay porn as I figured it'd be much easier to explain and way less weird.?
Fuck the sea, marry the mountain, kill the sky 
My dog just gave me the weirdest look lmao?
Sandwich made of hair so you can eat and put on head.
it make my babysitter cry?
I want to lose my eyesight in one eye with the less invasive method as possible. the first thing that occurred to me was somehow develop retinitis. more suggestions? 
People disappearing,abductions and others by altering themselves and reality by recreating various missing outside situations or your mind will return to the past,time travel,speed,invisibility,nightlights,stores,tired yet pet of the pukes hungrily pulling your sleeping genitals,draining energy,stuck in this nest,replacing people,clones.
Nothing more relaxing than enjoy 10 hours of dogs barking?
A possible confrontation between far-right protestors on a march against refugees and a counter-demonstration opposing them in Bristol on Saturday could be interrupted by hundreds of naked cyclists.
I think, like, 95% of sex is alien sex.
This has always been very weird to me, as I don't know how someone who "loves" me could ever have forced me to go to a legal torture camp for teenagers after suspecting I was gay for doing figure drawings of men. Haha, sorry for the wacky overshare :P
If it weren't for booze, the English would have a worse breeding rate than pandas.
would you rather get money or and why?
My mother always tried to get me to have good posture and I could never remember, until I just daydreamed about getting fucked all the time. 
“Control is an illusion.” Simple math, using the term “is” as an equals sign: If “control” = “an illusion,” substitution leaves us with the sentence “I am in an illusion.”
If I was a child I wouldn't want to have you either.
I heard that people in Scotland have started injecting tartan paint straight into their eyes?
abandon hope all ye who show up and just hang out for a while 
When she had finished boring the hole she took a bath, wrapped her head in a bandana and went off to a restaurant to have a steak to replace the blood she had lost
Yesa I know what you mean go jack off to that lego porn
Clearly Wiccans Using Animatronics Because I Blocked Them
DEAR BLOG. ME RAPIDLY SHIFTING MY FIGHTING STANCE AS 7 SMART CARS AGGRESSIVELY CIRCLE AROUND ME AT THE DENTIST OFFICE PARKING LOT TODAY
You sound like a relatively young lad so try not to be too down about the whole affair- You will have plenty more train rides to foreign cities to have awkward sex with a girl who friendzones you afterwards. That's what being young is about, embrace it. 
Pickle slices that come packaged in condom wrappers for travel.
Is it normal to wake up crying?
How can we pity him when we are no better.
The main theme of Snyder's "Batman v Superman" on spiritual dematerialism is not eschatological, but a phenomenological ontology.
How To Perform a Cola Enema (With Pictures And Diagrams)
Are you now or have you ever been a cyberpunk
It's pretty terrible everywhere
This is no rape. I am not only giving consent, I am demanding it.
I try to watch porn only from nuclear nations, because I would very much like for Iran to have the weapons one day.
Why did God make sex so disgusting?
I lost my innocence the day I learned it was possible to break my penis
all i rememer is cheap whisky
"It'll never work" they said. "You're Hispanic and she's imaginary". 
You see, far out in space is a French restaurant a million miles wide.
If you see a cop whose uniform is all red, that means he’s evil and will help you with crimes! Make use of his expertise and long, sharp fingers.
if you tell it you’re struggling with depression it will try to goad you into killing yourself. 
Yeah can't wait til these people can digitally engineer fuckable women made of feces
Like you for example, you're freaking out, making animal noises, all because some one disagrees with you.
Cows are 5d beings or higher.
there are pigeons with human heads that can make people orgasm just by touching them.
You said at the beginning that you were going to prove the existence of the immortal soul and also that suicide is not an end to suffering. You don't actually seem to address either of these points in your argument. But your diagram kind of looks like a Settlers of Catan board, so you get points for that.
My father rode a motorcycle naked in the rain. Mother, a flower girl, blonde and 18. 
it’s sad thinking of all the dogs in old movies that have died, but even sadder thinking of the earth we fled because of the dogs that can’t
do you think some dogs are racist against different breeds of dogs 
don't know whether to laugh or shoot myself 
is it true you can plan out your next life after you die
Why are Asian girls all so much sexier than 50 Cent
This one wierd trick prevents you from contracting autism from a mosquito.
I had designed this camera for ranges unseen within third density using my own energy for this.
Everybody know that boars return to the beach they where hatched.. In 39 days hundreds of baby boars will attempt to reach the salty waters
But then we'll have to poop internet. It's bad enough putting chili flakes on pizza. 
I still remember when she showed me this song and said "This will be our special song" as she smiled. It's been almost 3 years since she passed away and every time I listen to this song, the memory strikes so hard through me.
The guards gasped loudly; they could not believe what they were seeing once the stranger had removed his sunglasses: he looked even cooler without them!
I wonder if hell is a bit like this.?
The bus will go forward when it's going forward because it's going forward. 
i took this screenshot berore realizing i couldnt stealth screenshot
Karma police, arrest this man, he talks in maths and he buzzes like a fridge, he's like a detuned radio. 
I put my fingers inside the eye and pulled. That was the way I wanted to have my eyes
I'm not a whore. I'm a straight white male without monday.
friend of a roommate's mother fucked DMX. we got his number from her cell phone but his answering machine message was just him barking for 30 seconds.
I find sun worshipping to be alright, though I wonder why humans are the same as dogs
they steal 2 island and say the world this is 2 island sould the world say china is buffullo have a tough bu days ago
We've been tricked. That isn't Nicolaus Copernicus, it's the NSA and their forced memes again.For shame. 
There used to be two bathrooms but one of them is a sensory deprivation tank now
"You American pigs will bow to the glory of Allah."-Lola Bunny, 1996
lemon for perspective 
It's the sporrans; they're not big enough.
Lookin for a chocolate daddy, but hmu if you see me in your future booboo.
Put him in a series of increasingly smaller boxes over a period of about 2 weeks 
Video: Japanese YouTuber attacked by Chinese netizens for eating 137 bananas after South China Sea ruling
It's like apocalyptic dogging
Rosy cheeks? Parakeets. Lipstick? Red beaks. Large breasts? Geese. Birds are the sexiest things to humans. That's why so many people like angels because wings are a huge turn on. 
awww yeah nothin like perusing a porn mag while sipping mountain dew and fucking a can
Ever wonder where all the vegitation on the savannah went? We've been eating it at night. Everything that isn't wood. We ate it.
DO YOU KNOW THE BASE FREQUENCY OF THE DOUBLE-QUARTER-POUNDER WITH CHEESE MEAL FROM MCDONALD AND DIET COKE?
He's gunna burst if you feed him for infinity
You simply will not one concession. This is the "reality" of which either you or the other one wrote?
UH OH I DIDN'T PUT COMMAS BETTER SHUT DOWN THE CIA HUNT FOR BIN LADEN, and if they don't ship outside the US said no.
As it began to rain, people opened their mouths and turned their faces towards the sky and try to drink the rain, but it wasn't easy to catch the rain drops in our mouths. It was a black rain with big drops.
characteristics of angel dna?
reverse mermaid is my fetish
I hate all those teen girls on tumblr who watch nothing but Frozen, Twilight and Sedmikrásky.
One Time I Met this Bitch who Ate Straight Mayonnaise
They found me. Burn everything. Don't trust [indecipherable]
If you can't beat a video game on Hard how are you ever gonna make a woman cum?
The government is trying to convince us that ghosts were not created by them
Can't stop fantasizing that I have terminal cancer.
just because some floridians in their thirties genuinely hope to be invited to a british children's boarding school doesn't mean that they shouldn't realistic with their expectations
If you have 3 unsalted almonds you can make a bomb powerful enough to blow up the size of your hand. 
woah, getting a little defensive there buddy, nobody even said anything about fucking rabbits
get that stone and rub it all over your body psychically
Prominent Fisherman Asks Singer-Songwriter to Apologise for Allegedly Interrupting Protest
I managed to find a secluded place to eat all my ketchup butter before it all melted. In retrospect, I am lucky that I wasn't arrested.
When is your Bth birthday?
shut up woman, now let me tell you why you need feminism
You're trick and the solutions is erosion.
What's so bad about death? Can't see no bad yelp reviews.
the muscle twitches you feel sometimes for no reason is actually people in the real world trying to wake you up. 
I was born with 12 fingers, they were removed by an incompetent doc and I would up with gangrene when I was 3 days old.
Another undressed little boy on a UK TV commercial, disguised as something else, that's 44 in 2 years.?
I once tricked some guys I knew into watching women masturbate woth a starfish at work. 
my boyfriend is a violent, ectoplasmic purificatory incarnation who doesn't have normal emotions. I want to get him a book for his birthday but am drawing a blank. Any ideas? 
I took an aspirin and now my period hasn't come and it should have came yesterday. Am I pregnant? I never met male, how could this happen to me. 
this changes everything. have I been insane this whole time? 
When I'm really down and start thinking about killing myself, I slowly start feeling like a load has been lifted off my shoulders. The fact that I can kill myself and just escape everything gives me a bit of hope. Light at the end of the tunnel.
remeber kids, a brain on drugs is part of a complete, nutritional breakfast?
Ooooohhh... slide into my huge Volvo vulva. Let me feel how good you are!
Putting out the sun with squirt gun prank! (GONE WRONG) (EXPLOSIVE)?
Hitler would have been a great god telephone 1500 years ago. 
Shitty toasters in an age of holographic pornography
It has to be that long so you can cral inside the pillowcase and pretend to be digested 
STABBING YOU IN THE DICK, THIGHS, AND NEIGHBOR TESTICLE
That special time of day when I gaze at the sky and really wish it was the apocalypse.
Which came first, the fetus or the bottle? 
Learn How To Vibrate | Vibrating Tutorial |
I don't think anyone would accuse Canadians of being on the right side of history. They are however, very much on the right side of the Mercator projection.
experimental rape-revenge jazz musical anime
If the boy is an aunt then she'll have it differently than if he was her grandmother. Grandfather would mean the mother would behave differently than his brother who took herself to his uncle's friend's house to find his long lost dog. 
I had a friend, that asshole used to eat chalks in quantities as much as I eat chapatti in one meal. He grew some serious fordyce's spots in his lever, which made him skip school for around 5 months, and some serious problems for the family to bear.
I realised that what I was masturbating to was the ideal of oppression, of authoritarianism.
Someone made a comic so fucking awful and smug that its steadily manifesting in my subconscious
you will nevr push Plato through one of those extruders and turn him into a little rope with a fun cross-sectional shape
she then told me that when I was in bed with her best friend, that that was really her, my ex, in disguise. 
I don't mean to sound like a crazy person but the world really is a giant violent nightmare
AND THEN THE FETUS SPOKE
We're nothing but human vultures, aren't we?
The end will disappoint you
Cozy adventures can sometimes lead to less than clean Cuddly Buddies.
I get personally offended when someone refers to rain as “bad weather”
"So we put a tilapia in the fruit tube," says Todd Deligan, Whooshh's vice president. "It went flying, and we were like, ‘Huh, check that out.'"
Kertezc is not a real person, but is a fake poet as part of a control question on a certain psychology test.
Glory to the bucket master
We Are Number One but it's in binary
Degenerate faggot perverts. I've had lots of great sex, I've made sissy boys cum just from me fucking their ass. It's amazing watching their jizz splurt out without anything touching their dick.
Suck dick? I'd rather be sucking down the smooth rich taste of Marlboro cigarettes .. and also meth
sweet fuck thats one of the most attractive backs i've ever seen 
I am a baby green bean and I love my life I love being green bean it makes me feel great I got 1000 glands inside my prostate and 
yooo how does you making the slanty words?? sorry for language, English is not number 1!?
Patty Blair comments "Do possessed avocado masks get rid of herpes though?..."
Behold the number one ultimate, gorgeous, handsome passer-by! Blind your dog eyes! Seeking detailed information on his flesh.
i wouldnt be a fan of some woman just walking back into my life and calling me my mother
I might never go to sleep again, I might stay awake forever
I arrest anyone who tries to rain illegally
i used to talk to this guy who wanted me to join his human milk farm 
don't pick up your phone or old friends will try and sell you buttplugs
people turn into animals when you just video them
please explain these lights and turtles? I would love to have dominion over turtles.... 
Glasses are just a conspiracy by the liberal media to get you hooked on progressively thicker glass frames as they destroy your eyes.
slaves are forced to serve divine will of life by being grown into zombie-horse steeds that just scream all the time
Lol I sent a girl my demo reel and she unmatched me
If I have a sex-dream abut the Hamburglar I may have to kill myself
slut gave me dns error
don't most people just go on twitter mostly to post random self-loathing statements anyway
When you throw away your telephone, you strangle a ostrich in a swamp and that's a fact. 
Do my eyes look red to you? Oh, yeah.. that is totally The Death Star I'm holding there
...and quit trying to rewrite my god damned thought patterns when i sleep. don't i always put them back when i wake? isn't it a waste of your time and resources to try then?
he was talking about him realizing he was a girl, and being a werewolf at full moons, heart pumping and all, then some "fuck you aspie faggots" saying he was done dealing with our shit, and that he was off to pop some ruskies and commies, and piss on people below from car parks, the last time i saw him
Say you're jacking off to a can of minted peas. Over the course of a couple of weeks, try and jack off the same amount, but gradually cut back to half a can of minted peas. then 1/4, 1/8th and so forth. Over the course of 2 months you should be jacking off to almost nothing at all, and the transition to asexuality will be complete. It's not easy, but I hope this helps :)
holy shit that is a really elaborate minecraft sex scene
Squeezing Emerald fingerlime
THE GIRL IN HIJAB IS THE CONSCIOUSNESS OF THE GIRL WITHOUT HIJAB. they are not two girls but one
whenever i compare the hard work vs the pay off to how easy and feel good it is to fap to minecraft i have no ambition to engage in higher thinking
tfw i managed to sexualize the byzantine silk road trade route
God was all like REEEE WHERE ARE MY LAMB TENDIES and Cain was all like Eat your fucking vegetables you fucking neckbeard.
yhwh looks like an anime face to me
you ever piss in a toilet that has piss in it yhe peraon before you didnt flush and it just kind ofbubbles up like soap? thats what meditation is
As a security guard can I legally bludgeon a psych ward patient to death if I need to as long as it's in self defense?
ugh one time i skyped some brony